API rate limiting (#560)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/api/overview.adoc

In the event of `5xx` server error responses, you may consider retrying the request after a delay if it is safe to do so.
The response may include a `Retry-After` header with a suggestion of a suitable minimum delay before attempting to retry.

The global rate limit for all requests is 125 requests per minute.

> The rate limit for the `/oauth/token` endpoint will soon be adjusted to 15 requests per hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> You should consider your use of the rate limit before attempting to retry, and we recommend using an exponential backoff delay with a limited number of retries before giving up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should consider your use of the rate limit before attempting to retry, and it is recommended that you use an exponential backoff delay with a limited number of retries before giving up.
```
backoff?

The response may include a `Retry-After` header with a suggestion of a suitable minimum delay before attempting to retry.

Rate limiting is set to 125 requests per minute.

> Starting 27 Jan 2025, rate limiting for the `/oauth/token` endpoint will be adjusted to 15 requests per hour.

Reviewer: This is oddly specific and is not information that should be communicated via docs.

For other `4xx` client error responses, you should not resend such requests without first correcting them.

[NOTE]
====

> We currently set a global rate limit of 125 requests per minute per client ID for all Aura API endpoints.
> Starting 27 Jan 2025, we will adjust the rate limiting for the `/oauth/token` endpoint, which is used to obtain authorization tokens. 
> The new limit will be set to 15 requests per hour.
> 
> Since each authorization token remains valid for one hour, we recommend optimizing your API usage in advance by following these steps:
> 
> * *Retrieve the token once per hour:* As tokens remain valid for an hour, reduce the frequency of token requests and reuse the same token for multiple API calls.
> 
> * *Implement token caching:* Store the token securely within your system to reuse it for subsequent requests during its validity period, minimizing unnecessary calls to the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the global rate limit is set to 125 requests per minute per client ID for all Aura API endpoints.
Shortly, the rate limiting for the `/oauth/token` endpoint, which is used to obtain authorization tokens will be adjusted. 
The new limit will be set to 15 requests per hour.

Since each authorization token remains valid for one hour, it is recommended that you optimize your API usage in advance by following these steps:

* *Retrieve the token once per hour:* As tokens remain valid for an hour, reduce the frequency of token requests and reuse the same token for multiple API calls.

* *Implement token caching:* Store the token securely within your system to reuse it for subsequent requests during its validity period, minimizing unnecessary calls to the endpoint.
```

For other `4xx` client error responses, you should not resend such requests without first correcting them.

[NOTE]
====

> Currently the global rate limit is set to 125 requests per minute per client ID for all Aura API endpoints.
> The rate limiting for the `/oauth/token` endpoint, used to obtain authorization tokens, will be adjusted soon. 
> The new limit will be set to 15 requests per hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Excessive token requests may cause inefficiencies or rate-limiting.

> You can optimize your API usage in advance by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optimize your API usage by following these steps:
```
